Document branching/release workflow; update local setup to Altis (#644)
humanmade/h2: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Theme setup

> H2 is a regular WordPress theme, so add it into your Altis project's themes and activate it as desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
H2 is a regular WordPress theme, so add it into your WordPress project's themes and activate it as desired.
```

IMO this is too specific - fine to reference Altis in the intro but this makes it seem like it's Altis-only.

You may also wish to install the various plugins as noted in the README for testing further functionality such as emoji reactions.

## Branching and releases

> H2 builds its own assets, and that build is automated – so there are branches you write to and a branch you leave alone.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
H2 builds its own assets into a releasable branch, and that build is automated. `main` should only be updated via pull request, and `release` should never be updated manually or used at the target for pull requests.
```

Work happens on `main`. Branch off `main`, open a PR back into it, get it reviewed. That's the whole loop for a source change.

> You never touch `release` directly – no commits, no PRs against it. It is generated. When something lands on `main`, a GitHub Action checks out `release`, resets its source to match `main`, runs `npm run build`, force-adds the compiled `build/` directory (which is otherwise gitignored), and force-pushes the result. So anything you commit to `release` by hand is gone the next time the Action runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Never touch `release` directly – no commits, no PRs against it. It is generated. When something lands on `main`, a GitHub Action checks out `release`, resets its source to match `main`, runs `npm run build`, force-adds the compiled `build/` directory (which is otherwise gitignored), and force-pushes the result. So anything you commit to `release` by hand is gone the next time the Action runs.
```

What that means in practice:

- A source change only takes effect once it's on `main` and the Action has rebuilt `release`. Merging it straight into `release` does nothing useful – the build never runs, so the shipped bundle stays stale.

> - Projects consuming H2 (e.g. via Composer) pin a commit on `release`. To pick up a fix, bump that pin to a release commit the Action produced, not to a hand-made one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Projects consuming H2 (e.g. via Composer) pin a commit on `release`. To pick up a fix, bump that pin to point to the latest [Action-generated] release branch commit.
```
